Pizza (12 inch pizza)

Ingredients:

	Sauce
	1 tablespoon olive oil
	½ cup white onions, finely diced
	2 large cloves garlic, minced
	14.5 oz can diced tomatoes (drained and pureed)
	1 tablespoon Italian seasoning
	1 tablespoon parmesan cheese
	1 teaspoon brown sugar
	½ teaspoon red pepper flakes
	½ cup chicken broth
	splash of red wine (optional)
	
	Crust 
	1 cup very warm water
	2 teaspoons sugar, divided
	1 packet active dry yeast
	2½ cups all-purpose flour (sifted)
	1 teaspoon salt
	2 tablespoons olive oil
	1 heaping teaspoon Italian seasoning
	1 heaping teaspoon parmesan cheese
	
	Toppings
	Mozzarella cheese
	green bell pepper, diced
	black olives
	turkey pepperoni

Method:

For the sauce...

	1. Add olive oil into a large skillet over medium heat.
	2. Add onions and sauté until tender.
	3. Stir in garlic and cook just until fragrant.
	4. Stir in pureed tomatoes, Italian seasoning, parmesan cheese, brown sugar and red pepper flakes.
	5. Slowly stir in chicken broth.
	6. Bring to a light boil and then reduce heat to barely a simmer.
	7. Cook until liquid is reduced to your liking.
	8. Taste and adjust seasoning

To make the crust...

	1. in a small bowl or glass, add 1 teaspoon sugar to very warm water.
	2. Stir in yeast and let sit for 10-15 minutes to allow the yeast to proof.
	3. When yeast is ready add mixture to a large bowl.
	4. Stir in flour, salt, remaining sugar, oil, Italian seasoning and parmesan cheese.
	5. When dough forms, place dough on a lightly floured surface and kneed gently with oiled hands.
	6. Press the dough into a lightly greased 12-inch pizza pan. Be sure to keep your hands oiled with olive oil to soften the dough and make it easier to press out.
	7. Cover dough with plastic wrap and place in a warm location for 30 minutes. (see note)
	8. Preheat oven to 425 F.
	9. When ready to serve, spread sauce over pizza.
	10. Top with cheese and toppings.
	11. Bake for 12 minutes or until the crust in the center of the pizza is fluffy and fully cooked.
	12. Garnish with fresh basil if desired.

Slice and serve!

Taken from: http://divascancook.com/quick-homemade-pizza-crust-sauce-recipe/